I don't think we should go this far and use this software at schools. In conclusion I don't think schools need this at all. Its pretty useless because it won't give us students privacy because it will just be sitting there scanning us the whole time we are on our computers, It definitely won't help us with our boredom, and its probably way too expensive. Nobody wants to be baying a bunch of money just to know Tim was 40 percent happy on wednesday after lunch. This software just a waste of money. Schools don't have enough money to buy a software that just reads peoples emotions. We use technology everyday. Technology helps us get through the day and our work a lot more effeciently. Im actually using technology right now. Thankfully this computer isn't examining and scanning my face right now (as far as I know) Students need privacy, Its pretty useless if you really think about it. It will just get annoying after a while. If youre confused you could just ask the teacher instead of exaggerating a confused look until the computer recognizes it. Of course most kids are going to be bored if they're doing school work on the computer. How is the computer going to change that? In the artile is said, "For example, if you smile when a Web ad appears on your screen, a similar ad might follow."

The last thing you need in school is a bunch of soap ads poppping up because someone made you laugh but the computer thought you were laughing at the ads it was showing you. We dont want a computerscanning our faces everytime we are using it. Its just disturbing to think that this machine is studying every muscle movement in your face to know how you feel. it won't change our opinions about school work, and plus its also probably petyy expensive. 
This software is also probably pretty expensive. We would have to pay for not only the software but also new and better computers because as it said in paragraph 7,"Your home PC can't handle the complex algorithms used to decode Mona Lisa's smile." This means that we would need a really, really nice computer to run this software Students are entitled to their own privacy. 