I think taking classes from home is very beneficial. being disabled, Many students take classes at home due to issues such as anxiety problems Theres also people who are disabled and have trouble moving around; so for them being able to stay in the same place and take different classes is very beneficial to them. but if a student actually wants to learn and is dedicated to it. Then they will succeed no matter where they're taking their classes. Taking classes at home isn't that much different than being home schooled. 
Bullying is another reason students would take classes from school. Some say that students are going to have a harder time learning from home due to all the distractions. While yes that does makes sense, Imagine you are able to take all your classes in the comfort of your own home. For many students this is reality, whether its by choice or not. In most situations its by choice since its helping the student. For many students being able to take classes at home is a very useful resource. Not only does this help help students with problems but it makes it easier for students to learn since its a more quite environment where they feel safe. Some have it worse than others; so much worse to the point where people have trouble being in an environment surrounded by others. That's why for some students taking classes from home is much more effective since they can actually concentrate. Anxiety isn't the only mental disorder where online school is needed; theres people who have seizures or have triggers that cause them not be around others Sometimes peers make it so hard to learn due to harassment or bullying. Home is a place where many would call it safe space. Finally students are able to attend class and learn; instead of constantly worrying about being hurt or made fun of. This a very effective counter for kids who are constantly being bullied. This way they are able to learn in peace. 
or Anxiety is a mental disorder that is commonly diagnosed to people in the United States. as a way to counter bullying. 