they need the experince for the future, ecause, I agree with the principal They need to see and find new things. Do you know what happens to a kid´s mindset when they learn, see, feel, taste, and hear new things. There mindset will change in a very good way. It will expand there mindset and It will not only expand there mindset but them too. When you talk to this person again he or she will seem like a whole diffrent person. He or she will become more mature. That is what seeing and exploring the world will do to a kid. That is why they need that chance. 
Do you think all student should perticipate in at least one afther school activity? I don´t know about you but, I do. if they don what are they going to do when they want to play a sport but don´t know how to play that sport. What are they going to do when there trying to get a job but don´t know how to do that job. If they had takin the that chance to learn about that job or sport in school they would have no problem getting that job. Most people on the street have missed there chance and look at them now. Thats why they need the experince for the future. I don´t want to see none of my friends on the corner cause they missed their chance. These are my reasons why I agree that all students should perticipate in at least one afther school activity. These will always be my reasons why students need to have the experince, why they need to explore the world, and why they need to make friends. Finally, they need to meet new people and make friends because, and finally, they need a chance to see the world, they have to make friends and meet new people. 
Next, they need a chance to see the world because, they need to explore. 
First, I know they need the experince for the future because, a person is nothing without friends. Having friends is like a ticket to the future. Having friends is like a whole new aventure just wating for you yo come. I think It was my grandfather said to me before,¨ that without friends you are nothing, without friends you will be nothing, without friends you will have nothing.¨ Do you belive what my grandfather said? I do and I will never stop beliving that saying. 