Taking classes online can be a way to learn faster. It can also be a way to finish your classes and have the rest of the day to yourself. As me as a student it would benefit me a lot. I would be less likely to get distracted from other students or want to start talking to them. There is many other reasons it would benefit me, like having classes online can allow me to repeat the lesson again to be more focus on it more to know it. By attending online classes at home is a good way to focus more on their work then just understanding some of the things that the teacher talked about. 
Others like me would like to try it out to see if it would benefit us. 
You may be able to finish a hour or two before you supposed to be done with the classes. It can benefit anyone a lot if they have to do something important at the end of their day. Having students attend online classes at home can help the schools and parents on saving money on gas to bring them to school and from picking them up. 
Students would benefit attending classes at home. These students can focus more on it by being alone then having other students around to distract them. They can also finish sooner with their classes at home then how they would at school. 
They wouldn't have to bring the students or children to school or pick them up. By having these classes at home it would mean students would be able to sleep in a little more. They wouldn't have to get dressed up because they would be at home and wouldn't have to go nowhere just the place in their house they gonna be taking their online classes at. But many students wouldn't like it for many reasons. They believe that doing it at school is better then at home. The students wouldn't have to wake up as early for school if it's at their house They would rather like to take their classes at school instead of taking them online at home.

A student said that they wouldn't have friends like how they do now, they also wouldn't be able to do a sport or be in any school activities.

Many other students agreed with the student and wouldn't like to attend to a online class. 
Some students would think other wise then me and other students that agree with me. My believe is still the same and would love to try online classes. I know other students would like to also. Even if it's a small group of people, it would benefit us a lot for these reasons. It would also benefit some of the schools if they have many students.

From this opportunity you would be trying new things. You would also have a good opportunity by getting offered online classes. Schools and parents can save a lot of money on gas by this. 