This systen includes various methods like the "winner take all" system that gives the presidency to the winning candinate of the eletors votes Is the Electoral College fair and right? This system is composed of the selection of the electors, the meeting of electors, and the counting of congress One very important thing in this system is trust, you have to trust the electors that you voted for to make the right choice This system of eletor votes is very useful for picking the country's leaders. 
The Electoral College is right but not fair, althought it has its benifets, its has its defaults as well 

popular vote is not as efficent as eletoral votes. The electoral votes decide who wil get what, who will win. Popular vote in no longer in "session" or popular, the electoral votes decide it now. For example, in the 2000 election, when Gore had a lot more popular votes than Bush, but Gore had less electoral votes, it was a shocking suprise for the nation, it seemed to be like more people liked Gore than Bush. One very important thing to consider is ... the reason why Bush won, there is a huge diffrence between making a good choice, aka Gore, and and making the right choice, aka Bush Trust, its possibliy one of the most hard things to do in life, but in this system its necessary. Its very significant that you put your trust in the slate of people's hands that you and a whole variety of woried people selected. Trust should not just be handed oveer like anything, its should be earned just like respect, vote in the candinate that you trust. Popular vote is kind of fair in a way because we can all vote like independent citizens. The winner take all method is very intresting indeed. Sometimes the electoral candinates vote against the people that elected for them and go for what they think is right which in no case is incorrect but a hudreds of citizens were counting on them to make their choice. We all have a voice, we have to use it in the fair way, and the righthous way is mostly a popular vote but 