We should try this for a year and see if it could possibly catch on then start circulating our ideas throughout the States. Community service is such an amazing thing. It really shows how much America has grown. Dear OTHER_NAME

But not so much that they could fail all classes and still be able to graduate because they did so much community service.

If you are really going to take this seriously I would highly suggest asking the children if they would like to do this. If a lot of people are interested maybe make a sign-up sheet for them. Since so many kids are busy you shouldn't make them doing something likes this unless they are volunteering there spared time. There is different things we can do though. Instead of "making" people do community service. We could have a chart over a year and the child has to do so many hours of service can get credits for graduation. I do some service on Saturday mornings. I go to the nursing home with a few friends and try to cheer up the tenants. Studies show that people who do community service are less likely to do something infatuated further down the road. Some people are just to busy to devote their time to community service because they could be taking care of their children, or doing sport activities, they could be doing college work or even homework. 
I would love to be apart of this group. Maybe a leader or whatever is okay with you, I would very much enjoy helping you out in any means necessary. Middle school and high school students do not have a lot of time to waste they need to start planning for college, school years is a time to experiment with new activities. It is a wonderful thing to do (community service) but not everyone has the time. Adolescence is such a hard time for children anyway we shouldn't give them to much responsibility because we will just get disappointed . Times has changed a lot. Fifty years ago kids didn't go to school because they had to help their parents out on the farm. Now we have computers, video games, cell phones. All these things that distract us from what is really important, helping people. I deeply support the fact that community service does the world a lot of good. 
But with every great thought there is something about it which makes it not so great. This invention is no exception. 