My pawpaw once said that , " If a opertuntity is thrown at you catch that opertunuty and create new and better opertunitys , and we should be doing just that . 
Dear students of Generic_School

Have you ever thought about joining or participating in one of your schools extracurricular activities ? However , if you have not I think you should. participating can play a key roll in your life and make you and shape you into a better person . Participating in something that is fun and can help you with your everyday day to day life , we should strive to want . Participating can play a key roll in your life and can make you and shape you into a better person . For example , there are people in Asia , Africa , and India that are not able to go to school and would die if they were able to do the fun things that we get to do , that is why we should want to participate in fun things that can benefit you and your community . , I think that the our principal Mr. Generic_Name should be enforcing that we participate in at least one extracurricular activity this year. People are getting mad at Mr. Generic_Name and are leaving rude messages to the school saying , "my kid should not have to participate if they dont want to" , When I was in 6th grade at Generic_School ,I joined FFA and I was staying after one Friday were I met a girl named Generic_Name , she let me come into her group and be one of there friends and now we all are super close. That is why participating in activities at your school can be beneficial to you and other people around you . Doing things with your school can help everybody out . For instance look at me and that group of girls I met staying after school 2 years ago , we are all great friends and hang out all the time and participating in activities with the school is helping everybody out weather they see it or not , we are learning new things that will stick with you forever. but what they dont see is that Mr. Generic_Name is creating new opertuntiy for you and setting you up for life . if it was not for the school having activities who know the friend I would have . 