It will bring everyone together so that everyone knows everyone. If 500 students are picking up trash off the street, the streets would be so much cleaner and that could possibly stop people from littering in the first place. It could also be a family project, where a whole family helps out and that would bring that family closer together. We would have a lower crime rate, lower than it already is. If the streets get cleaned up and people hear about how nice our community is, then more people will want to join our community and be apart of a special group of people always helping each other out. Participating in the community would also lower our number of obese people onsidering that These are the reasons i believe we should participate in community service. 
Also, If we have 500-600 students in our school, that is 500-600 community workers that could be helping our community get more developed and a cleaner and nicer area to live in knowing that we have the support of everyone helping. If every student participated in community service, just imagine how nice and clean our community could be. community service is a good way to meet new people. Dear Principal:

The landscape could just be the most beautiful thing if more people plant flowers. All schools should partake in community service. When you help out with your friends, it is much easier to do it then trying to do it on your own. You have someone there to support you and keep pushing you to make a difference You make a special bond with people when you know that they are all helping out for the same reason In my opinion, students should be required to do community service. Not only would it make the community look nicer, it would make you feel better about yourself, knowing that you made a difference in the community. you will be getting active and not sitting home on the couch with potato chips, watching television or playing video games. It would lower your electricity bill since you will be outside more. When students partake in community service, not only are they helping the community and helping themselves, they are helping to raise the property value on homes. 