you can help out with teachers after school, I agree with the principal. Instead there's football,basketball baseball,volleyball,boxing, and much more. Do your mom's tell ever tell you to go outside and get some air? Because I'm pretty sure you don't want to sit around and just get fat. that's not good for us. staying in the house is not bad or anything It's just not good for your mental health. Since you guys like being on your phones so much go on YouTube and type why Isn't sitting in the house good for you. I bet you'll get something out of that. You always want to set a goal for yourself. It does not always have to go right but one day your going to get so much and your not even going to know it. By the way if your bad in school right now you can change so many things your doing and go be a superstar. Don't follow behind other people that don't not get you nowhere at all. Also for playing football or basketball you can get a whole scholarship for doing just that. You can play at NBA games or NFL games to. But in order to do that your grades have to be good. you have to have a 4.0 GPA. And never be bad or disrespect your teachers because that will get you kicked off the team. And you'll be very upset with that. Is it fun being boring? Is it fun staying in the house? to me It's not fun. It can be sometimes but not all the time. Do you like football,basketball,baseball,? any of It? but I'm slight sure I'm going to change your mind when you read this watch. Kids, or teens shouldn't just be sitting in the house. stay back to get your grades up, and much more 
By the way, I'm not saying you have to listen to me but i really want all of you guys to get something out of your. I'll get something out of my life to. Go do school activities or something. But if you don't get nothing out of your life your not going to be so great. Also you can help out with council, or help out with the office. you all should have something you like to do Because no matter what teachers going to always need your help with something. 
Besides, why? because We like to come to school play around, don't do very much work, then go home do no homework, and get on social media look, I'm 14 and I know us teens don't like doing very much. that's not going to get you nowhere in life. 