Dear state senator,

Also, the purpose of voting for president is for everybody to vote not just citizens. Therefore, there should be some changes for voting.

It should be changed to electing presidents by popular vote. It is our right to vote for someone who would actually make changes in our society and make our lives different To continue, election of presidents by popular vote should be used in the United States. If we are voting for presidents, then why should us ,citizens, vote for electors in order for them to vote for our president? As stated in source 2 "The Indefinsible Electoral College","At the most basic level, the electoral college is unfair to voters. Because of the winner-take-all system in each state,candidates don't spend time in states they know they have no chance of winning, focusing only on the tight races in the "swing"states." In addition, it states in source 3 "In defense of the Electoral College"," No region has enough electoral votes to elect a president " The fact that we have to vote electors for those electors to choose our president, it seems unfair. This shows that with the Electoral College, not every region is going to have electoral votes. Therefore, it would not be fair for those regions. Perhaps their votes would not count and basically the chosen president would not pay attention to them. There should be a change in the Electoral College In this process it is easier for the electors who are voting. If there is a tie in votes, then they can pass it on to the House of Representatives in which state delegations take care of the voting. At least with this process, they have their own system set up and if any problems, they know in what way it can be fixed. In conclusion, election by popular vote for the president of the United States should be used. It could change society and it will allow us to have a better living. This could give us a chance to vote and feel part of the election. On the other hand, Electoral College could have benifits The fact that not everybody are qualified citizens to vote, then the amount of votes would be vague. This process is similar to not having enough electoral votes. The votes would not be popular or in a great amount for that specific place. For example, as it mentions in source 3, "Voters in toss-up states are more likely to pay close attention to the campaign-to really listen to the competing candidates-knowing that they are going to decide the election. They are likely to be the most thoughtful voters, on average..." There should not be any thoughtful voters deciding on the election. It makes it unfair for those who want to vote but are not allowed. Unlike voting by popular vote, it can cause some problems because not everyone is allowed to vote and there could be few votes for candidates which would have a negative outcome. However, it would be the same for the Electoral College because there would be not enough electors in regions. Furthermore, everyone should be allowed to vote not just citizens 