
The next diadvantege would be My position on driverless cars is that I'm really not a big fan of the idea so I don't really aprove of it if someone had hacked into the the cars mainframe 
The last disadvantage would be If someone was able to hack into the car without the driver or owner knowing it can be very dangerous. It can be dangerous because they can track where that person is at alll times. They could tell if they're home or not and the owner can possibly end being robbed. Another way it would be dangerous is that the person that had hacked the car could control the car and may end up hurting the driver or people around the car. the driver of the car. If the driver of the car was reckless and irresponsible it can affect him/her or even the people around them. Like in the article it says,"The car can steer, accelerate, and brake themselves, but are alll designed to notify the driver when the road ahead requires human skills." If the driver was to ignpre that notification it cause an accident and many people may be injured. 
Say if the technology in the car was damaged and the car started to not act properly. That would probably cost thousands of dollars to repair. Also if the car was to not function correctly the driver, passengers, or other people outside of the vehicle may be injured. That is the first disadvantage of the driverless car. 
The first disadvantage would be if someone would hack into the mainframe of the car and take control of it without the owner or driver knowing about it. Another would be One last disadvantage would be based upon the driver of the car. there could be malfunctions within the hardware inside of the vehicle. One disadvantage would be that Driverless cars, the future of the world. There could be many disadvanteges with driverless cars. if the hardware in the car was to malfunction. So like I said, my opinion on driverless cars is that they shouldn't be made and used in public. There are many disadvantages of self driving cars, but I only chose three. The first one was hardware malfunctions. The second was if the car was to be hacked. The last one was all depending on the driver it's self.

That is my position on driverless cars. 