Students should not be allowed to accept the minimum. he students are our next generation they need to learn how to be pushed. i am all for your change from a "c" average to a "b" average. Just how athletes are pushed when it comes the their sports, they should be pushed in academics as well. Coaches tell their players to always give one-hundred and ten percent every time they go to play a game. If they do that there then why not in the classrooms? Athletes aren't allowed just to do the minimum on the field or on the court so why should they be allowed to do the minimum in classrooms. Sports are very important to many of our students but academics is far more important than any sport. Students need to learn to push themselves harder if they want the privilege of playing sports. Letting athletes have a "c" average is saying you don't have to try because you'll make it anyways. When in fact that is not true. Athletes need to learn that if you push yourself in school you can make it just about anywhere. 
Now one might say that not all athletes just sit back. Dear TEACHER_NAME,

you are not always going to be the star student but you keep on trying until you are. Same as you do when you go to practice. Now stop Worrying about what the slackers say because you are only helping them. The athletes at our school are very talented athletically and academically but when it comes to academics they tend to slack. Athletes feel as though because they are captain of their basketball team or made the varsity football team they are on top so they don't need to try when it comes to academics...well they thought wrong. The academic average of a "c" for an athlete is way too low. Well I understand that. I do know that there are a handful of athletes who actually try their hardest to do well, so they might think that this isn't fair when in fact it is only helping them to do better and keep trying. You are not going to be the star of every game that doesn't mean that you shouldn't play right? Same way in the class, 