Everyone's president 
. Number two,

Avoid Run-Off Elections Dear, State Senator

I think that we should keep the Electoral College for five reasons. Number one,

Certainty of Outcome 
. Which is a dispute over the outcome of an Electoral College vote is possible but it's less likely than a dispute over the popular vote. I think we should keep the Electoral College. Even though it is despised method of choosing our nation leader, it is the best form of desiding who will run and the winner. But it is the way our founding fathers made this nation and wanted it to stay that way because they created it that way. 
. Which is the Electoral College requires a presidential candidate to have trans-regional appeal. The Big States is the Electoral College restores some of the weight in the politcal balance that the large states (by population) lose by virtue of the mal-apportionment of the Senate decreed in the Constitution. Swing States Last but not least is number five,

The Elecoral College is not all that fair though because it is an anachronism, a non-democtratic method of selecting a president the ought to be overruled by declaring the candidate who receives the most popular votes the winner. Big States umber four,

The Swing States is a winner-takes-all method of awarding electoral votes incluces the canidates. The Electoral College is a process, not a place. The founding father established it in the Constitution as a compromise between elections ot the President by a vote in Congress and election of the President by a popular vote of qualified citizens. The Electoral College process consists of the selection of the electors, the meeting for the electors wherer they vote for the President and the Vice President, and counting of the electoral votes by Congress. Even though it is despised method of choosing our nation leader, it is the best form of desiding who will run and the winner. I think we should keep the Electoral College. 
. Number three,

. Avoiding Run-Off Elections is when the Electoral College avoids the problem of elections in which no candidate receives a majority of the votes cast 