Luke's Point Of Veiw

We also have spare time on the ship. We do table tennis tournaments, fencing, boxing, readong, whittling, and we can play volleyball and baseball." I explained. 
"No. I don't want to. It seems boring." Sam said.

"Don and I are doing it. Wouldn't you want to help someone in need?" I said.

"How about this, I will talk it over wiht my parents and see what they think, then I will make the final decision. Ok?" he explained.

"Ok. Meet me at the Big Tree tomorrow at 3." The we bothed walked off.

I really hoped that Sam would agree.

We would be like the three muskateers! I thought.

Don, Sam, and I have been best friends since I could remember. DOn had already been my neighbor, so when Sam moved in a couple houses down we decided to start being friend swith him. I'm glad we did.

Don and I have been apart of the UNRRA for a while now, and we were home for a brake. Our only mission while being home is to try and get people to join. We already got a couple, but we needed more. 
"Hi Mom." I said walking into the kitchen. "Dinner smells good."

"Good. How was your day?" she asked. "Anybody new recruited?"

"Still working on Sam. He said he would tell me his final answer tomorrow." I told her.

We ate dinner and then cleaned the dishes off.

"Mom, is it ok if i go back out to town?" I asked.

"Sure. Just be back before dark."

I went to the common area because there is normally still a lot of people ther at this time eating, playing with animals, or little kids running around. I walked into the common and sure enough, people were there.

As I was walking, I felt a tap on my back.

"Looks like we had the same idea, Luke!" It was Don.

"Yeah! So glad you're here. Have you gotten anyone?" I asked.

"Yeah actually. Those men sitting over there talking." He pointed to 3 men chatting on a bench.

"Good job!" I congradulated him. "Sam and I are meeting at the Big Tree tomorrow for his final decision. He said he was going to talk it over with his parents tonight."

"Oh good. Let's go get some more people." he replied.

"Hello." I said to a man around my age petting his dog. "I'm with the UNRRA group, the "Seagoing Cowboys" and I was wondering if you are interested in it."

"Hello, and sure. Tell me about it." he said, with a kind smile.

"What UNRRA stands for is the United Nations Relief and Rehabilition Administration and what we do is carry animals on ships to different places. FOr example, we went to Greece and unloaded there. We carry horses, young cows, and mules. There is always work to be done on the ship. "Come on! Please join with me!" I begged. "It will be so much fun!" 