Instead of pushing a strict schedule like in a school or a college, distance learning allows students to learn whenever or wherever they please. It does not set a certain time or place for what needs to be learned, it simply creates the ability to learn. The opportunity to further an education should always be taken advantage of. It is arguable that distance learning plays in the favor of those that can access such technology, The use of distance learning can allow a student to learn what may be necessary at a time and place comfortable for them. while being correct, it is also arguable that it is a vital learning tool that enhances not only students ability to learn but also broadens the perspective on what can be learned. If used in a positive way, it can start a major change in students grades and overall performance by giving them a form of learning outside of a normal classroom. It may only be accesible to some more than others, bu that does not prevent some for of distace learning that is available to all. Access through pones or library computers diminishes the social gap society puts on people and opens up a new way of learning as a whole. others may need the quiet peace of their home to truly obtain the knowledge from a lesson. While some benefit from the normalcy of a desk, A traditional classroom may not be the best work space for everyone trying to learn. Distance learning is the ability to learn a set amount of information in a non traditional places that are comfortabe for the learner. The installation of distace learning allows for a better understanding of a lesson or subject and creates a comfortable work environment. It is a overall helpful tool that gives students new ways to learn what is needed and to better understand the information being given to them. Distance learning allows for a better understanding of a lesson or subject Not everyone trying to learn takes in information the same way. creates a comfortable work environment. In addition to note and lecture learners, hands on and visual learners need to have lessons and learning tools available to them, so that they can gather information in the best way possible. Distance learning allows for a further understanding by everyone trying to obtain the information that is needed. If time is taken not only to learn the lesson, but to truly understand it, then it can better improve the knowledge people hold, and give a better use of the knowledge people have. and 