Letting the people vote will give us back a major part of the American dream. To me, it seems unfair to let 5 people decide what thousands of other people want I believe this because nobody wants to have someone else to vote for them. Finally, the 5 people that vote could be anti anything! If you would, please let me present my evidence for a pop. voting system.

In 1960, racists in the louisiana legislature( some of the "special" people who vote for who is a representative) tryed to instill new representatives who would oppose JFK. What if a woman ran for presedent, than a bunch of states instilled sexist representatives to ruin her chance of winning? What if another african american trys to run, but is shot down by newly apointed racist representatives? I sure an heck dont want me or my state to be represented by 27 racist/sexist "representatives". To vote, you must be 18,an adult. When your an adult, you dont have parents anymore to decide what is "best" for you. Having representatives "represent" the people, they are being the parents who try and control their childs life! We fought a war to become independent and let the people decide what they want, yet this "land of the free" is becoming less free every day. With the pop. vote system, everyone will be able to voice their opinion, instead of X amount of senators deciding who they like. All in all, our current system as major problems. People are not able to voice their opinion. Insted, we are letting a handfull of representatives speak their opinion,and say its what us normal people want. Not to mention, these are people that cant be apointed due to bias. Finally, the representatives that the biased people choose, in special groups of 55-3 people representing millions, can be anti whatever,or just not like the person for a stupid reason( for example "I dont like his haircut, its to short/he looks like a pedophile"). Another reason is the ratio of citizens to representatives. Dear State Senator,

My name is PROPER_NAME, and In California, it is 35,000,000 being "represented for" by 55 people, who could be biased people who are can be choosen by "the states central party comittee, and even the

PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES THEMSLEVES

". That is like asking your closest friends( or sombody you payed, in the presidential candidate's case) if you or the lonely kid at school to vote who is most popular. That seems very messed up to me. I beleive that America should change to a popular voting system. 