represent your school in different ways than just your grades, get to know some teachers better than you already did. It can help by distracting it from stress.

Another way it could help is by developing parts of the brain or educating it in a different way than "normal".

For example, if the extracurricular activity you participated in was playing an instrument, that has been proven to educate the brain in different places and that person could be very intelligent. 
Many studies have shown that sports or other activities can help the brain or mind in many ways.


In conclusion, Most of the coaches are also teachers.

When students are in class teachers teach you about a certain subject, but when your at a sports practice or instrumental rehearsal you get to know them in a different way.

You both have something you are excited about doing in common.

Students dont necessarily "love" to learn, so they aren't as energetic during school as they would be during something they enjoy. Lastly, you could get to know teachers better.

For example, if your sports team wins a championship game you and your other teammates could be in the newspaper or on television wearing the schools jerseys.

If you get clothes with the activity you participate in and schools name on it, that is another way to represent.

When people see your team or group they might tell people how good you were.

When schools are represented in a good way you may get rewarded for it. 

Next, you can represent your school in other ways then just your grades.

It's also just fun. yes it's a great thing to participate in extracurricular activities.

It develops young people's brains, shows what your school is all about, and get closer with some teachers. and Doing activities that aren't required have many benefits. Yes, they should. good for the brain, ust some of those benefits are Should students have to participate in at least one extracurricular activity? 
Why It Should be Required for Students to Partake in an Extracurricular Activity

