To conclude, we should all consider to try and make direct election happen. It would help your chance of the candidate the you vote for become President. Getting rid of the Electoral College would change the U.S. a lot. It hopefully would be a good change. If it was gone, we could all hope that we would get whom we wated in office by a direct election. The staes determine who is the President during an election. The electoral votes have an effect on the state. 538 electors throughout the whole country. A majority of 270 electoral votes are required to elect the president. According to Source One, your state is entilted to how many members in cogress you have, plus two for each senator. Voting in an Electoral College is like voting for your vote to have the most votes, like in school, you want to pick what game you play so you vote and whatever has the most, you play. Except in voting for Presidency your vote goes to whatever your state has the most of. Which seems unfair. You basically just vote to vote, so It's only a big win for you if what party you voted for is what your state goes with. In paragrapgh four-teen, Source Two, it says that "The Electoral College is unfair, outdated, and irrational." The outdated part of that sentence is true. The electoral College was enforced in 1888 and has since been used by voters today. It's time for a change and a direct election should be that change. What is so bad that could happen? In paragraph nine of Source Two it states how over sixty percent would prefer a direct election. So the question is, why not do it? Sixty out of one hudred percent would prefer it, so why not atleast give it a try? Having a whole state have to decide what party to choose from doesn't seem fair. Ifwe had a direct election, then the President with the most votes out of the whole country would be the rightful President. It seems as if the Electoral College isn't quite acurate. Why have electoral votes that may not get the president you want? The Winner-Take-All method would be gone. In my own opinion, we should get rid of the Electoral College, because we sometimes do not get what we voted for. It isn't fair to let someoe vote for someoe and then for said someone that that they voted for swing and vote for someone else that the person didn't lean to vote for. So you the voter have no say on what party they all decide to lean towards. But in a direct election, your vote counts. 