If you choose policy two, I don't think people would be very happy 

I don't think kids should be texting during class, but most kids do. They do that because they don't get any other time to do so. but I think that can be prevented if you allow us to use our phones during our lunch and free periods.

You should choose policy one. I understand that some kids bring their phones and text or use the internet during class, I'm sure you have a phone and use it a lot for different reasons. Some reasons are the same as kids here at school. Many kids bring their phones to school to use before, after, or during school. They are an essential part of everyday life for kids and adults alike. If you let kids have their phones out during lunch and other free time, I think texting in class will reduce. 
As you can probably tell, many kids at school have cell phones. To the Principal:

Sometimes kids have to contact their parents or parents have to contact their kids. I hope you will consider my reasons for choosing policy one, as I am a kid myself and know what would happen if policy two is chosen. Parents and kids alike will be happier and more comfortable if kids are allowed to use their phones during lunch and free periods. Choosing policy one will also help reduce texting during class, or when phones aren't allowed. Thank you for considering my opinion. Teachers don't always allow kids to use their phone to do so. If we are allowed to have our phones out during lunch, this would give kids time to contact their parents, or for parents to contact their kids. Parents sometimes change transportation options so they need to let their kids know before school lets out. Kids also forget things, or need to remind their parents of something. If you chose policy two, it would be hard to ask your mom or dad to bring you your lunch, your PE uniform, or remind each other of things. Kids may also still use their phones during class, even though it's not allowed. Sometimes people do things, just because they are against the rules. This rule would be that could be easily broken 