Asking for advice will make someone think is what their choice a good choice. Asking more than one person for advice can make people think before making a choice Asking for more advice will show that some times you haft to ask for help When people ask for advice they ask more than one person. Asking for advice does not make you look weak but it will help do the right thing some times or have a good idea for some thing to do.  Sometimes if you do not ask for advice will make the person not do the right and ends up with them in getting in trouble. One time I did not ask for advice to make sure I was making the right choice and then got in to trouble choice. So if you still think that asking for advice still makes you seem weak you might not be making the right choices. 
One last reason asking for advice does not make a person seem weak is advise will make a person think is what I am about to do a good choice.

Asking for advice is way that some people get help if the can not make a choice. There was a time where I had to ask for advice to help with two choices and which one I should do. Some people have trouble on making choices so they ask people fro what they should do. So if still think that asking for advice makes you weak. 
One other reason it is helpful to ask for more advice will show some times you need a little help on something. Asking for more advice will help because you have more time to think before you make a choice on what you are trying to. I remembered asking for advice for what insterment to play and it really helped me to choose the right insterment to play. If you do not ask for advice you will more or likely to make bad choices. Asking for advice will not just help with making right choices. 
Asking for more advice will will with trying to make a choice. Do you think that asking fro advise still makes you look weak. Asking for advise does not make you weak but it makes a person stronger. Asking for advice will make sure you make the right choices. Asking for advice is like asking for help you need to ask for it some times. Did you ever think asking someone for advice would make you weak 