The reasons for this would be that some kids such as myself are tired of school and don't want to hang around. Another reason may be that they may have a sibling in a nearby elementary school that gets home later than them, but no parents are home so they have to be. If the principle made a new rule where everybody had to do an after school activity I would strongly disagree. The last reason is Someday you just have had a long extra boring day and want to be done with it. If you do, I would agree that most after school activities are fun ways to waste time and keep you at school. I don't think that they should be enforced to go to them because people aren't always in the mood and just want to get home to relax, do there homework, and watch the Simpsons or play video games. Kids should'nt be force to do thing they don't like, even though that's exactly what school is. Kids need time to relax and do something on there own time and after school activities are not that.

If you have a younger sibling and both your parents work then you know what it's like. Having to go home right after school to make sure that they get there safe and then watching them till your parents get home. I feel that lots of kids have this problem or situation I should say. These are the type of people who don't have the time needed to g to any sort or type of after school activities. My question for the principal would be what would he do with these kids make them come and do them over the weekend have the parents hire a expensive babysitter. I'll tell you what he'll do absolutely nothing. He can't barge his way into a family plan like that just because he wants kids to stay at school longer. Thats a stupid reason, to change a families whole system over something so small like that. If I was ever a kid in a situation like this I still would not go, Because their family system family is more important than a principals wish to waste kids's time. 
The last reason I disagree with this is what if a kid who has all the time in the world has an older sibling or a guardian of some sort at home for a younger sibling. They look over all of the choices and stare just stare at them all because theres nothing there that fits there personality, then what do they do? I'll tell you what they'll do they don't go to any of the after school activities because thee nothing that they like what's the point it'll just seem like school but longer. I know what people would say "oh, but they may just find a hidden talent they never knew they had". No, Ive gone to a variety of after school activities and not ne new thing I've tried I stuck with, shocker. What percentage of kids actually find a "hidden talent" probably like 26%. The point I'm trying to make here is that even if nothing sticks out you can still go and try to find that " hidden talent" but to me that's just a bunch of baloney. nothing may really stick out to some people. 
What would happen if your principal made a new rule where you have to go to an after school activity let me tell you what I think. On a personal scale I don't go to many after school activities. Once school is over I like to just get on the bus, go home and be done with school for the rest of the day. 